In addition to the many avenues of full-time service we mentioned earlier in the program,
making yourself available when a need arises locally is a fine way to seek the kingdom first.
For example, in San Antonio, in the state of Texas, in the United States, a large convention
with over 20,000 in attendance was planned.
However, the venue could only provide about one-third of the chairs needed for the convention.
Where would our brothers find the needed chairs?
Well, Jehovah provided, and many young ones were eager to help.
When I heard that this needed to happen, I was thinking, how are we going to do this?
I thought it's a big job. It was amazing.
The first thing I was asked to do was find a storage place that we could use for six to eight thousand chairs.
A sister manages a storage place, and we saw Jehovah's Blessing because the owner says,
you can have this stall, no charge for a year, as long as you sign a contract that it's for always witness organization.
Truckload after truckload after truckload came in. We had to unload the trucks.
The brothers had to unstack the chairs, repair the chairs, clean the chairs, put them back on pallets, restack them, load them on the trucks, and that was half of it.
That was the ones in the warehouse. On the other side, we got permission to ask the San Antonio congregations
and we could use their chairs for the convention. We were hoping to get three thousand chairs.
And then the numbers grew for the audience, so we had to increase our numbers.
So we were able to gather six thousand chairs from the willing volunteers and congregations around San Antonio.
So we prayed about it, and the brothers started asking for volunteers, and it was a great cooperation right at the beginning.
As soon as we let the friends know that this was going to be the case, all of them said,
we're going to get off work early. We immediately wanted to clear our schedule so that we can be available to help in any way that we can.
It was a privilege to know that our congregation was going to be part of it.
We are so grateful to Jehovah that he has given us this privilege to do.
We had thousands of chairs, every color, green, red, brown, blue, even had some bright orange ones left out of the 70s, and we're putting them in the back.
But it was not just the colors, but the sizes. They're all different sizes.
And so how do you make sections with straight rows when the chairs are all different sizes?
But I knew, somehow, as your oldest people, we get it done.
And we definitely, as you see, a lot of volunteers, and we're here getting it done.
It's made for a beautiful experience because the friends have got to know each other as they haven't before.
They're working willing together, and the excitement is there, no matter whose venue it is.
It's all for Jehovah, and that's been the attitude everybody's had.
It just tells you that Jehovah isn't God of order.
It's good to feel that you're doing your best for Jehovah.
Well, it reminds me of Psalms 127-1, where it mentions that unless Jehovah builds a house, it's in vain that his workers even work hard.
So it's because of Jehovah's hand and his blessing is why everything runs so smoothly.
What other organization, no one else can do that except Jehovah's people.